Update README with artifact on Bintray (#13)
streamnative/pulsar-spark: README.md

- Pulsar 2.4.0 or later

## Preparations

### Link

#### Client library  
For Scala/Java applications using SBT/Maven project definitions, link your application with the following artifact:

```
    groupId = io.streamnative.connectors
    artifactId = pulsar-spark-connector_{{SCALA_BINARY_VERSION}}
    version = {{PULSAR_SPARK_VERSION}}
```

> Currently, the artifact is available in Bintray Maven repository of StreamNative: `https://dl.bintray.com/streamnative/maven`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the artifact is available in [Bintray Maven repository of StreamNative]( https://dl.bintray.com/streamnative/maven).
```

`stream.option("pulsar.consumer.ackTimeoutMillis", "10000")`. For possible Pulsar parameters, check docs at
[Pulsar client libraries](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/client-libraries/).

## Build Spark Pulsar Connector

> If you’d like to build the connector from source, follow the steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to build a Spark-Pulsar connector reading data from Pulsar and writing results to Pulsar, follow the steps below.
```

Pls correct me if I'm wrong.
